# An Analysis of Kickstarter Campaigns
Project 1. An analysis on kickstarter campaigns data for theaters. The analysis of the kickstarter campaigns is designed to present the student with a real-world scenario of the usefulness of Excel, while giving a step by step walk through of how to operate Excel. The given goal is to help Louise who is a hopeful playwright successfully launch a kickstarter campaign by analyzing trends in kickstarter data.
The analysis was started by first familiarizing ourselves with excel and the data in the kickstarter data. One of the first steps was to confirm the data was readable. In two of the columns the data looked like dates, however they were not in a readable format. We were able to confirm the data was Unix timestamps by using a converter tool. The next step was to sort and filter the data by applying a few tools in Excel, including sorting the Pledged column (E) to a descending value and applied Scientific notation to the Goal column (D). We also created a pane by freezing the top columns and first row simultaneously by using the freeze pane button. Next, we customized the appearance of the Outcomes column (F) based on its value Successful (green), Failed (red), Canceled (yellow), and Live (blue). We then added two new columns to the Excel sheet Percentage Funded column (O) and Average Donation column (P). In Percentage Funded we used Excel’s ROUND formula to find out how much of the goal was gathered for each campaign. Taking the data from the Pledged and Goal columns using the ROUND formula =ROUND(E2/D2*100,0). The Average Donation formula is =ROUND(E2/L2,2). While implementing this step we ran into an error (#DIV/0!) because numbers cannot be divided by zero, the solution also called debugging of this error is found in the form of IFERROR formula =IFERROR(value,value_if_error). 
Then we started to create visualizations of the data using tables, charts, and graphs. To gain additional insight the column Category and Subcategory was split into two different columns, Parent category and Subcategory. Using these two columns we start to build a pivot table. 
